OSSM-8308: Add disclaimer that Gateway API CRDs are not supported (#84246)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-accessing-bookinfo-application-using-gateway-api.adoc

= Accessing the Bookinfo application by using Gateway API
:context: ossm-accessing-bookinfo-application-using-gateway-API

> The {k8s} Gateway API deploys a gateway by creating a `Gateway` resource. In {ocp-product-title} 4.15 and later versions, the Gateway API CRDs are not available by default and must be enabled in order to be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {k8s} Gateway API deploys a gateway by creating a `Gateway` resource. In {ocp-product-title} 4.15 and later versions, if you want your cluster to use the Gateway API CRDs, you must enable the CRDs because they are disable by default. 
```

Author: done

> The {k8s} Gateway API deploys a gateway by creating a `Gateway` resource. In {ocp-product-title} 4.15 and later versions. If you want your cluster to use the Gateway API CRDs, you must enable the CRDs because they are disable by default.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {k8s} Gateway API deploys a gateway by creating a `Gateway` resource. In {ocp-product-title} 4.15 and later versions. If you want your cluster to use the Gateway API CRDs, you must enable the CRDs because they are disabled by default.  
```

Author: Ugh! Done, thank you.

[NOTE]
====

> Red{nbsp}Hat provides support for using the {k8s} Gateway API with {SMProductName}. Red{nbsp}Hat does not provide direct support for the {k8s} Gateway API custom resource definitions (CRDs). In this procedure, the use of community Gateway API CRDs is shown for demonstration purposes only.

Author: done
